When you’re little,
you just want to be happy.
But sadly, my father
had a problem with alcohol,
and no child wants to live through that.
One day, my family
from the United States came to visit us.
They looked so happy!
The way they talked,
it was as though they only had fun
—a good life
with no economic problems.
I was shocked.
I asked myself, ‘How can we live
in such poverty
while their life is so great?’
That was the life I wanted for my family.
So when I was nine years old,
I left my mother and the rest of my family
to cross the border into the United States.
I lived in a pretty rough neighborhood.
So I joined a local gym
to learn how to defend myself.
The trainer, Leo, was like a father to me.
He always tried to give us good advice.
Raymond was part of the boxing team.
He was a good friend.
We got along really well.
He respected me, and he looked after me.
After several years of being around Raymond
and the other members of the team,
I felt really comfortable.
To some extent, I admired him
because I could see
that he was really doing well,
because Raymond was selling drugs.
I knew that it wasn’t right.
But in time,
I began to sell drugs as well.
Raymond was in a drug deal gone wrong,
and he was murdered.
I said to myself,
‘This could happen to me too.’
It had been six years
since I had seen my mom and my siblings.
My mother was studying the Bible
with Jehovah’s Witnesses.
It helped her to cope
with a lot of suffering.
It brought her peace.
She was so happy.
I began to realize
that this was what I really needed.
I also thought about my friends at the gym.
I wanted them to understand why life
was so hard for all of us,
so I returned to the United States.
But they weren’t interested.
My trainer, Leo, told me
that I didn’t need to sell drugs anymore;
he could make me a professional boxer,
and I could help out my family in that way.
He even gave me the nickname The Bible Boy.
But I realized that
that was just a temporary solution.
What I was learning
was going to help me forever.
I was determined to serve Jehovah.
I returned to Mexico.
I started to study the Bible
and take it seriously.
I began to view Jehovah as my Father
because he helped me
to find real relief from my pain,
to have peace—a tranquility
that makes you feel
accepted, loved, and wanted.
I have enjoyed
an incredible life serving Jehovah.
Decades later, my father was baptized
as one of Jehovah’s Witnesses.
Jehovah has been so kind to me,
my family, and my siblings.
Truly, I have no way to repay Jehovah
for the life he’s given me.
I’ve had so many blessings in my life:
a wonderful wife
and great friends,
including those that I serve
alongside of in Bethel.
I’m not on my own anymore.
Jehovah has given me
a life full of real meaning, purpose,
and so much happiness.